12
The Documentary of the Dead
The penthouse of building 104, where the king of the camp resides. The last emergency generator left in the apartment basement let out a low, humming mechanical sound, barely supplying power to the large TV placed in the middle of the living room.

On the marble floor, bottles of top-tier single malt whiskey, looted from the mart and other buildings, were rolling around haphazardly. Carter, Jason, Mike, and Professor Harrison, looking unwashed for days, leaned against the plush leather sofa and downed the strong liquor. When Professor Harrison connected an external hard drive he picked up from somewhere to the TV, a faded nature documentary began to play.

On the screen, a male elephant on the massive African savanna was ruthlessly ramming a rhino with its sharp tusks. The narrator's dry voice filled the living room.

[...When the female elephants that led the herd disappeared, the young male elephants, having lost control, massacre other species for no apparent reason due to abnormal testosterone secretion. This is the rampage of the so-called 'Bachelor Herd'.]

"That sounds exactly like our boss." Professor Harrison, his eyes unfocused from the alcohol, giggled and pointed at the monitor. "What's the difference between our Boss Carter, who grabs a steel pipe and smashes innocent old men's heads at the drop of a hat because the women are gone, and that crazy, rampaging elephant? The mating season, having lost its purpose, has rotted into violence."

Carter's face hardened terrifyingly. The glass he was gripping tightly cracked with a *snap*. "Shut your mouth, Professor. Those are beasts, and we are the lords of creation. I haven't lost control; I'm establishing order in this damn camp."

"Order? Hey, you ignorant bastard." Professor Harrison sneered, pouring the whiskey straight from the bottle into his mouth. "The flailing of culled males who can't even join a female herd and are rolling in the dirt on the outskirts fighting for hierarchy among themselves—that's the great order you're talking about."

The screen changed, and this time, the ecology of a beehive welcoming autumn was zoomed in on. The worker bees were mercilessly biting the wings of the male drones, who were larger than them, and pushing them out of the hive.

[...Drones, born solely for mating, do not know how to gather nectar or sting. When food becomes scarce, the female worker bees mercilessly abandon the useless drones, leaving them to starve to death.]

"Did you see that, Mike?" Professor Harrison this time nudged Mike, who was sprawled on the floor, with the tip of his foot. "That's exactly your story. You thought you were something because women cooked, washed your clothes, and patted your back, didn't you? In terms of bees, you're a food-wasting drone who has no stinger and can't gather nectar. An obese parasite who doesn't know how to cook a single can of food with his own hands, stuffing his face with feed while reeking of rot."

"Ah, fuck, I'm seriously going to rip your tongue out!" Provoked, Mike grabbed his wooden club and sprang up from the sofa. However, Carter waved his hand as if annoyed and stopped Mike. Carter, too, couldn't take his eyes off the drones miserably falling to their deaths on the screen. Because their helpless reality of being unable to 'maintain' anything themselves was starkly superimposed beyond the screen.

The end of the documentary featured the New Mexico whiptail lizard crawling in the dry desert. [...This lizard consists 100% of females and reproduces parthenogenetically. However, during the breeding season, the habit of mating with males in the past remains, and they mount each other and perform a fake mating, or 'pseudocopulation'. They are deceiving their brains with the inertia of the past.]

On the screen, two lizards were making meaningless mating motions.

"Bwahaha! Now that's my specialty." Professor Harrison burst into laughter, tears squeezing out of his eyes. "Jason, did you see that bastard Dylan wearing makeup a few days ago? Just like those lizard bastards do fake mating to deceive their brains, we are exactly the same! Lying on the lap of a male wearing women's clothes, being comforted that 'it's okay', putting on a fake play. Castrated bastards who can't even reproduce are hanging onto the meaningless inertia of the past, having a hallucination party!"

"Stop it!" Carter, finally unable to hold back, pulled a pistol from his waistband and pulled the trigger at the TV screen. *Bang-!* The screen shattered into pieces, sending fragments flying, and the living room was instantly enveloped in a heavy silence.

"We are not those barbaric bugs." Carter growled like a beast, panting heavily. "Even though the women are gone, we are predators. We survived, and we will continue to survive and rule this world."

"Survive? A 100-year terminally ill patient staring at rotting culture fluid." Professor Harrison sneered, picking up a piece of the broken TV.

Jason, who had been sitting quietly in a single sofa in the corner of the living room, silently looked down at the premium whiskey in his hand. Professor Harrison and Carter were arguing, spitting as they brought up biology to debate whether they were evolutionary failures or the apex. But the state of the two men reflected in Jason's eyes had already transcended the realm of biology.

Jason slowly tilted his whiskey glass and poured it into his mouth. The strong liquor went down his esophagus, but there was neither a burning sensation nor the dizziness of alcohol spreading through his blood vessels to his brain. It was only an empty sensation, like pouring water onto a dead tree stump.

'Fools. Whether we are predators or culled drones has no meaning whatsoever.'

Jason raised his eyes and looked back and forth between Carter and Professor Harrison. Their skin, illuminated under the yellow generator light, was an ash-grey completely devoid of blood, and the jugular vein on Carter's neck, standing out as he shouted, was stiff like a stopped rope. Neither Carter, rampaging in anger, nor Professor Harrison, lost in madness, had a beating heart.

They were agonizing over whether they were bees or elephants, but that wasn't the real tragedy. The chilling truth was that the subjects of this heated debate weren't breathing to begin with. On the day the women disappeared, the men living in this city also met their deaths simultaneously, but only a terrible 'inertia' remained, turning them into ghosts wandering this world.

"We are worse than lizards, Professor." Jason quietly murmured in the darkness. "The lizards are alive and putting on a fake play... but we are already dead, putting on a play pretending to be alive."

Jason's muttering was drowned out by the noise of the generator and reached no one. Watching the pale ghosts screaming in front of the broken CRT, Jason once again brought the bitter glass of liquor—which could never make him drunk—to his lips.