16
The Temptation of the Matrix and the External Invasion
Before the roar tore through his eardrums, the entire building 104 swayed bizarrely as if a massive earthquake had struck. The fine cement dust piled on the window frames poured down like a waterfall, and the sound of the steel cables of the stopped elevators screaming and snapping echoed through the walls.

Jason stood unswayed in the middle of the shaking hallway. He slowly approached the balcony and looked down. Carter's proud barricade, the solid symbol of power that had firmly blocked the apartment complex entrance, was shattered to pieces along with a massive explosion of flames.

Through the flames, a large snowplow truck modified to look like the gaunt skeleton of a beast charged toward the lobby. Following it, dozens of looters armed not with steel pipes or wooden clubs, but with real firearms and homemade explosives, poured in like a swarm of ants.

They weren't simple food looters. Bizarre barcodes and logos of Silicon Valley Big Tech companies were crudely spray-painted in red lacquer on their gas masks and helmets.

"Search everything! They said there was a crazy professor in the basement! Find any frozen somatic cells or female DNA, whatever it is!"

The leader of the invaders, holding a megaphone, shrieked. The outside world had already moved on to the next chapter of madness. They were those trying to obtain cryptocurrency and server admission tickets offered by Big Tech companies to migrate to the virtual reality project 'Eden'. To abandon this rotting reality where women did not exist and escape into a perfect Matrix, they were the 'hounds of the Matrix' who mercilessly invaded and hunted at the mere rumor that biometric data or traces of cells remained.

"Stop them! Don't let them step a foot into my territory!"

In the 1st-floor lobby, Carter, thrown from his armchair, pulled the trigger of his pistol, veins popping in his neck. *Bang-! Bang-!* Every time fire spewed from Carter's muzzle, a few invaders rolled on the floor. Mike and the red armbands also charged with spite, holding wooden clubs and kitchen knives.

However, the difference in firepower was overwhelming. When the external forces' shotguns and automatic rifles spewed fire, the red armbands fell like autumn leaves. The marble pillars of the lobby were smashed by bullets, and the glass windows poured down like heavy rain. Carter's kingdom, built on violence, was helplessly collapsing in just a few minutes in the face of the more massive and overwhelming violence of the outside world.

"Kill them! Kill them all and go down to the basement!"

The invaders, seizing the advantage, let out a cheer. Amidst that hellish chaos, the door to the emergency stairs leading to the first floor slowly opened.

Piercing through the thick gunpowder smoke and cement dust, Jason walked out. Bullets flew from all directions and screams battered his ears, but his gait was eerily peaceful. He didn't crouch down or hide behind cover for fear of getting shot. Holding the cold hunting knife in one hand, he leisurely crossed the center of the riot like someone out for a stroll.

"Hey! Shoot that bastard standing there looking stupid!"

One of the invaders spotted Jason and aimed a shotgun. *Bang-!* With an eardrum-tearing rupture, dozens of steel pellets slammed into Jason's abdomen and shoulder.

The powerful kinetic energy made Jason's upper body sway back significantly. The shirt he was wearing was ripped to shreds, and several black holes were punctured in his chest.

But Jason did not fall. He stood still for a moment with his head bowed, then slowly raised his head and looked at the man who shot him.

"Uh...?" The eyes of the man who pulled the trigger widened in horror. It was bizarre enough that he didn't scream once after taking a direct hit from a shotgun, but what was even more chilling was Jason's body. Not a single drop of blood splattered from the holes punctured through his honeycomb shirt. As if he were a person who didn't even know he had been shot, Jason began to slowly move his feet again.

It wasn't just Jason. As the gunpowder smoke cleared slightly, the scene in the lobby began to emit a bizarre dissonance. Clearly, more than half of the red armbands had fallen to the floor, shot and stabbed. But Mike, who had fallen, the neighbor man, and the old men who used to get beaten in the ration line were, one by one, raising their bodies from the floor with bizarre joint-cracking sounds.

Those with bullets lodged in their abdomens, jaws blown off, and arms severed. None of them shed red blood. Even though they sustained fatal injuries, they did not die. Due to the physical shock, they fell, their brains momentarily falling into the illusion that they 'should die', and then they were simply raising their bodies mechanically again.

"What... What the fuck is this? They're monsters!"

The invaders turned pale at the zombie-movie-like scene unfolding before their eyes and began to back away. The hounds who came to loot biometric data belatedly realized the fact that there was not a single 'living creature' in this apartment and fired their guns wildly in terror.

But no matter how many bullets they poured in, ghosts do not die. Because a heart that has stopped once cannot be made to stop twice.

Standing in the center of the lobby where the bloody play was taking place, Jason quietly stared at Carter, who was trembling in fear hiding behind a pillar. The collapsed barricade and the broken armchair. The external invasion was becoming a cruel stimulant that forcibly awakened the men of this closed camp to an overwhelming 'physical truth' beyond sensory paralysis.