17
The Bloodless Army
*Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat-!*

The finger of the looter, who fired until the automatic rifle's magazine was completely empty, stopped in thin air. *Click, click.* Only the metallic sound of the firing pin hitting an empty chamber rang out hollowly through the acrid gunpowder smoke.

A bizarre silence descended on the lobby. The invaders panted heavily behind their gas masks, staring at the scene of slaughter they had created. Dozens of apartment men were sprawled on the marble floor like honeycombs.

But that silence didn't even last a minute.


"Guh... Ugh..." Mike, who had been lying on the floor, rose up, twisting his body grotesquely. On the left side of his chest, where his heart should have been, was a massive hole dug out by shotgun pellets.

Mike staggered and looked down at his chest. He reached out a trembling finger and poked it into that large wound. Instead of squishy organs or hot blood, dry, ash-grey clumps of dust crumbled and fell to the floor with a patter.

"Uh... huh?" A sound like the moan of a sick beast leaked from Mike's mouth. From the deepest part of his brain cells, he was realizing the fact that he was still standing on his own two feet and breathing even though his heart was blown away—no, the fact that he was a body that had no need to breathe from the start.

"Haha... Hahahahat!" Mike began to laugh maniacally. It wasn't fear, but the bizarre ecstasy of someone who had been eternally liberated from the terrible obsession with survival.

With that laughter as a signal flare, the red armbands and the apartment men sprawled on the floor began to rise one by one with creaking sounds. A man with a bullet in his forehead, a man whose neck was bent halfway. They all dug into the wounds on their bodies, collectively awakening to the fact that they were beings who could never die—because they were already dead.

"Shoot! Shoot again! Fuck, reload!" The leader of the invaders screamed in a panic.

But this time it was different. The ghosts, having lost the fear of death, no longer dodged the flying bullets. They burst into bizarre laughter and charged fiercely into the muzzles of the guns.

An invader struck a charging man's shoulder hard with a machete. *Sliice-* Bone was severed, and the man's right arm fell to the floor. However, instead of a scream of pain, the man picked up his severed right arm like a club with his left hand and began to madly bash the invader's helmet.

"Aaargh! Get away! Let go of me!" The pinned invader screamed and repeatedly stabbed a dagger into the apartment man's stomach. But the man, feeling no impact, bit into the invader's neck.

Amidst the grotesque hand-to-hand combat, the invaders too had to face a chilling truth. Even from the wound of the invader whose neck was bitten, and from the crushed head of the invader beaten with a wooden club by the apartment men, not a single drop of red blood flowed.

'We are all dead.'

It wasn't a curse unique to building 104. On the morning the women disappeared, all the men on this Earth simultaneously met biological death. These armed forces who came to loot others' biometric data, claiming to escape to the virtual reality 'Eden', were also nothing more than pitiful phantoms struggling after an illusion without even knowing they were rotting corpses.

The gunfire ceased. Instead, only dry cracking sounds of flesh tearing and bones breaking filled the lobby. A perfectly inorganic slaughter without screams of pain or the smell of blood. It wasn't a death match of beasts trying to survive, but like a terrible group dance of broken mannequins crashing into each other and rolling around in a junkyard.

Jason leisurely walked out through the center of that dry chaos. His gaze was directed at only one place. A man trembling in the corner of the lobby, hiding behind the shattered barricade—Carter.

Carter's two hands, pale and bloodless, gripped a pistol tightly. He should have fired at the invaders who trampled his kingdom, but having witnessed the tragic scene of the 'bloodless army' charging with smiles even as their bodies were severed, he had fallen into a perfect cognitive dissonance.

"Boss."

Jason's dry voice pierced the noise of hell and struck Carter's ears. Startled, Carter raised his head. Jason, exposing his chest full of holes from the shotgun blast, looked down at Carter.

"Why are you hiding like that? You are the king of this camp."

"D-Don't come! Get away, you monster!" Carter crawled backward on the floor. He aimed the pistol at Jason, but his fingertips trembled so much he couldn't pull the trigger.

Jason slowly approached Carter, knelt on one knee, and met his eyes. "Is your brain still denying reality? The world that your petty violence controlled was, in the end, a puppet show of ghosts who don't even feel pain when their bones are crushed like that."

"No... I am alive! I made the rules, and I fed those guys! I am a predator!" Carter wailed, pouring out tears.

"No." Jason placed a cold finger on Carter's forehead. "You are not a predator. This entire hell is not a massive illusion created by your shallow lust for power, but by your deepest 'guilt'."

Carter gasped. Beyond Jason's empty eyes, the most terrible memory of the past, which Carter had desperately tried to bury until right before the world stopped, was chillingly surfacing.