19
The Pierced Chest and the Broken World
Jason slowly withdrew the muzzle that had been aiming at his own chest and offered the handle of the pistol toward Carter.

"Take it." Jason's voice was as cold as frost.

Carter, sitting on the floor trembling, took the pistol as if possessed. The feeling of cold metal touched his palm, but Carter's brain was still floundering in the swamp of desperate denial that he was alive and breathing.

"Why am I dead... Why am I a ghost! I opened the bedroom door, I was breathing, and I ran outside and built this camp! I made all this because I am alive!" Spitting tears and saliva, Carter aimed the muzzle of the pistol at Jason's heart.

"Really? Then shoot." Jason took a step closer to the muzzle. The end of the barrel pressed exactly against Jason's pale chest, between his torn shirt.

"If the bullet you shoot explodes my heart, hot blood splatters everywhere, and I die screaming in pain... You are right. You are a living predator, and this must be a fortress for survivors."

Jason tightly gripped the muzzle touching his chest with his hand. "But if it's not... Then accept it now. That you, me, and the bastards tearing flesh over there are all phantoms who died that morning."

"Die! Die, you crazy son of a bitch!"

*Baaang-!*

Carter squeezed his eyes shut and pulled the trigger. Along with a gunshot that tore the eardrums, bright red flames spewing from the muzzle struck Jason's chest. Point-blank range. The bullet precisely penetrated Jason's heart and exited through his back, embedding itself in the marble pillar behind him, scattering fragments.

From the impact, Jason's upper body slightly tilted back. Carter panted heavily, waiting for the man in front of him to spill blood and collapse to the floor.

But 1 second, 2 seconds, 5 seconds passed, and Jason did not fall.

Slowly bowing his head to look down at his pierced chest, Jason raised his head again and smiled coldly at Carter.

"Uh... u-uh...?" A deflated sound leaked from Carter's mouth. The pistol fell limply from his hand to the floor with a thud.

In the center of Jason's chest, a hole the size of an adult's fist was blown through. A fatal wound perfectly penetrated, allowing the scenery behind him to be seen. Yet, around that massive hole, not a single drop of red blood smeared. The cross-section of the torn skin and muscle was ashen like mud dried in a drought, and from the empty space where the heart had exploded, only thick dust like cement powder was crumbling down.

"It doesn't hurt, Carter." Jason whispered quietly, putting his hand into his pierced chest. "My heart is shattered, but I don't feel anything."

In the face of that bizarre and overwhelming physical truth, Carter finally collapsed completely. He unconsciously brought his hand to his left chest, where his heart should be. He clutched his collar and desperately tried to feel a heartbeat, but inside his ribcage, it was terrifyingly quiet.

Only then did the last puzzle piece in Carter's firmly closed memory fit together. When the screams of his wife and daughter scratching at the bedroom door died down. The moment he opened the door and found his family dead with all their fingernails torn out. Carter did not wail in despair. In the fleeting moment when that terrible guilt crushed his brain, his heart, unable to endure the extreme stress, stopped as if rupturing right then and there.

He collapsed on the sofa and died. And immediately after dying, the terrible inertia of his brain denying death raised his soul, and that massive guilt, which had lost even the opportunity to atone, created a fake camp named 'control and protection' over this apartment complex.

"Ah... Aaaargh!" Fully realizing that he was a murderer who killed his family, and at the same time a rotting corpse, Carter tore at his hair and screamed. That desperate scream was massive enough to swallow even the noise of the chaotic melee where the looters and apartment men were fighting tangled together.

And at that moment, the rules of the world began to break.

As the 'architect' Carter, who held the deepest guilt, admitted the true nature of this purgatory, the density of the space maintaining the illusion began to rapidly thin.

The color drained from the concrete wrapping the lobby pillars, turning translucent. The external invaders who had been rampaging and shooting, and the red armbands biting each other, all ceased their movements in an instant. The skin and clothes making up their torsos began to crumble from the edges like old newspaper blowing in the wind, scattering into the empty air.

"Jason... Jason... I was wrong... I killed my own kid...!" Carter, whose body shape began to crumble into ash-grey dust, crawled on the floor and grabbed Jason's ankle. The petty pride of a tyrant vanished, leaving only a pitiful, terrified ghost shedding tears.

Jason, with a hole in his chest, bent his knees and quietly patted Carter's scattering shoulder.

"I know. You don't have to hurt anymore. We were all... just trapped in a time that had ended a long time ago."

At Jason's comfort, Carter cried aloud like a child and buried his face. And his body began to crumble into massive ash, starting from his toes.

The massive barricade of the camp built on illusion crumbled silently. The ash-grey clouds that had been covering the sky cleared, and for the first time in months, the real sunlight poured in like a waterfall through the windows. It was the dazzling and cool end of purgatory, where the terrible attachments and inertia of those left behind in the living world finally put an end to themselves.