2
Ending Credit Syndrome
They couldn’t hold a funeral for Sarah. It was physically impossible. From the apartment parking lot to the eight-lane highway outside, the roads had become a massive graveyard of ambulances carrying corpses and vehicles abandoned by men who had lost their minds. On the side of the road, an abandoned Ferrari was smashed head-first into a tree, its front bumper destroyed. In the past, such an expensive car would have drawn the envious stares of every man walking by; now, no one even gave it a second glance.

It took less than a week for all material value to evaporate. 

Jason sat on his living room sofa, having barely touched water for days. Just days ago, he had been forcing down dry chicken breast salads every morning, swearing he would live a long and healthy life, desperately resisting the sweet snacks and chocolates scattered across his office desk. But what was the point of all that restraint and patience now?

A world where human reproduction was impossible. The absence of the next generation meant that the temporal concept of the "future" had been permanently deleted. 

A pungent smell of smoke wafted through the window. Jason dragged his heavy body to the balcony. In the middle of the apartment courtyard's flowerbed, a roaring fire had been lit. The man feeding it was Mike, the college student from next door.

Jason walked down to the first floor as if possessed. As he approached the flowerbed, he saw Mike maniacally throwing things into the flames. 

“Mike… what are you doing? What if the fire spreads?”

Mike turned his head at Jason's voice. Bloodshot eyes, cheeks sunken as if he had starved for days. He was smiling like a madman. “Oh? Hey Jason. Wanna watch the fire? It’s warm and really something else.”

At Mike’s feet was a mountain of papers and books. TOEIC study guides, heavy Java and Kotlin programming manuals he used to study day and night dreaming of building mobile apps, and stacks of resumes. 

“What’s the point of any of this?!” Mike screamed, ripping a thick Kotlin textbook and tossing it into the inferno. “I busted my ass studying coding so I could get a job at a big tech company, make good money, and marry a beautiful girl! But in seventy, eighty years, the human race is going to be wiped off this rock anyway! Why the hell should I sacrifice my today for a tomorrow that doesn't exist?!”

Mike’s words were a massive epidemic consuming the minds of all surviving men. It was the so-called "Ending Credit Syndrome." The movie’s tragic finale was already playing out on screen, the credits were rolling; there was no audience left who wanted to sit politely in their seats out of respect.

Mike suddenly pulled out his wallet, took out every single fifty-dollar bill inside, and scattered them into the flames. “Jason, you know why money has value? Because of the belief that you can buy food with this piece of paper tomorrow, and the belief that you can pass it down to your kids. But damn it, there is no tomorrow! What's the point of these stupid pieces of paper?!”

The flames roared, turning the knowledge humanity had built and the symbols of capitalism into a handful of ashes. Jason just stared silently at the fire. Mike was right. In a world castrated of its future, morality, norms, savings, and effort had all been reduced to the futile flailing of fools.

That was when it happened. *Thud-!*

The heavy, sickening sound of something dropping onto the apartment parking lot concrete tore through the silence of the courtyard. On the 8th floor of building 104, a balcony window was open. On the ground lay a man in his forties, belly-up, his limbs grotesquely twisted, bleeding out. Unable to bear the grief of losing his family and the impending terror of starvation, he had taken his own life.

Jason gasped for air. But what was even more horrifying was what happened immediately after. Neither Mike, who was warming himself by the fire, nor the other men aimlessly wandering the complex screamed or ran to call an ambulance upon seeing the corpse. They merely stood with their hands in their pockets, indifferently looking down at the body sprawled on the pavement.

"Tch... That guy transferred to a different ship early," someone in the crowd muttered dryly.

And then, *clap, clap, clap*. Someone slowly began to applaud. The sound infected the surroundings in an instant. The men who had been standing blankly were now, one by one, giving a standing ovation to the corpse.

"Lucky bastard. Clocking out early," Mike giggled, watching the burning cash.

Death was no longer a tragedy. It was a grotesque tribute paid by those left behind to the one who had ended the grueling, century-long terminal sentence first and exited the theater.

Jason stood in the middle of that chilling applause. Even as his neighbor's body grew cold right before his eyes, Jason felt a bizarre trembling at his fingertips. It wasn't out of fear. It was because of his own severe 'paralysis'—the fact that even faced with such a gruesome sight, let alone shed a tear, he couldn't feel a single ripple of emotion deep in his gut.

A cold illusion began to wrap around Jason's frozen ankles: the feeling that he, too, was no different from the cold slab of meat lying on the concrete.