6
Ecological Disgust
The seasons passed with a cruel diligence, regardless of human despair. Spring finally arrived, pushing through the thick stench of rot and filth that permeated the apartment complex turned camp. Bright yellow forsythias bloomed in abundance in the flowerbeds, and the cherry trees surrounding the complex entrance were bursting with pale pink buds.

That brilliant scenery, which in the past would have been filled with the sounds of camera shutters and faint smiles, was now an overwhelmingly suffocating insult and provocation to the men.

"Cut it all down! It’s pissing me off!"

Carter's nervous screaming echoed beyond the barricade in the first-floor lobby. As soon as the order was given, Mike and the other red armbands charged the flowerbeds with saws, axes, and steel pipes. Growling like beasts, they sawed through the trunks of the blooming cherry trees and snapped their branches. The beautiful petals that fell to the ground were ruthlessly crushed by combat boots covered in black dust.

Jason watched the scene of mad slaughter through the gap in the ventilation shaft leading to the underground parking lot.

"Fuck! Why the hell are you blooming and acting so pretty?!" Mike screamed, hacking aimlessly at an innocent forsythia bush with an axe.

It wasn't just a simple venting of anger. A few days ago, two stray cats mating near the complex's garbage dump had been discovered by the red armbands. The men didn't just cheer and chase them away; they threw stones and wooden clubs, brutally beating both cats to death on the spot. Hanging the bloody cat corpses on a pole and setting them on fire, they roared in a bizarre ecstasy.

Jason read a deep, damp 'inferiority complex' in their bloodshot eyes.

Even the most insignificant creatures on Earth met the spring, mated, bore seeds, and continued life. But the human species, which had proudly reigned at the apex of the ecosystem as the 'lord of all creation' for tens of thousands of years, had lost its females and been perfectly castrated from the cycle of reproduction.

Males permanently exiled from the blessing of bearing life. To them, Mother Nature's dazzling reproduction and circulation were like a giant speaker mocking their guaranteed extinction.

The men now hated all of nature that enjoyed the vitality they could not have. They smashed the nests of brooding birds, stomped on mating insects, and burned the flower buds that symbolized the conception of life. It was the most pathetic and violent jealousy poured out by biological losers onto the winners.

*Crack, cra-crack-* With a harsh tearing sound, a massive cherry tree that had guarded the apartment entrance for decades collapsed as if screaming. The men cheered, banging their steel pipes like ringing a victory bell.

Jason slowly pulled away from the ventilation shaft and walked into the darkness of the underground camp. Beneath his feet, he saw an illusion of clear sap seeping like blood from the stump of the fallen cherry tree.

Even a plant secretes sap when injured, and even a beast spills hot blood when its life is severed. It was proof of being alive.

But what about the men swinging axes and desperately pretending to be alive up there? Beneath their skin, only stopped blood vessels had dried up. No matter how much they tore nature apart, burned it, and played predator, a biological clock that had stopped once would never turn back.

"Pitiful bastards."

Jason muttered in a hollow voice, looking down at his own dry palms. The riot of the dead jealous of life. In this deformed ecosystem, men tried to prove their superiority by destroying nature, but it only served to prove that they were 'corpses' perfectly phased out of the ecosystem.

The acrid smell of burning cherry blossoms seeped into the camp. In the colorless, grey underground that had erased all vibrant colors, men were now entering another stage of pathological evolution—begging for traces of the past, a deficiency deeper than physical hunger.